Where are you going on holiday, Tony?
To Los Angeles.
Oh, really? You'll love it.
I went there two years ago and enjoyed it a lot.
How long did it take to get there? Did you fly?
Yes, we did. And that took about nine hours.
Then our friends met us and drove us to their home.
Who is with you?
My parents.
So, what did you do?
Well, first we went to Disneyland and guess what?
I met Snow White and Mickey Mouse.
I was so excited.
Wow! How long did you stay there?
We stayed there for two days and then we went to Hollywood.
Did you see any movie stars?
No, but we swam in the Pacific Ocean at Santa Monica.
Oh, it was great.
Where are you going on holiday this year, Betty?
Paris.